PS3 Apparently Not So Much In Demand Anymore…
Published on January 03, 2007.
Last night on fatwallet, I saw a post about the PS3 being available on Best Buy dot com without having to pay for a ridiculous bundle!
I decided to quickly post it on cheapassgamer before the fatwallet horde took them all.
They’re still available.
Apparently, the PS3 is not really in any kind of demand anymore at all.
Here’s a few select responses to the post I made last night:
I saw 10 60GB ones in my BB store.
Some people looked at the box for awhile and then wondered off.
I think the $599 price scares most people away.
They had numerous PS3 at BB near Regency here in Jacksonville, FL.
They are just sitting there.
I have passed on PS3’s at two different stores in the last week.
All three stores (Bestbuy and TRU) had more than 5 or 6 just sitting there.
I asked workers in the game area and they both said they had been there a few days.
Just not worth it to most people.
I’ve walked in to BB, Wal-Mart and Target and every store has had PS3s just sitting there and no Wiis to be seen.
Here are the places I saw them this weekend in Houston
Frys
2 best buys
1 EB games
1 Gamestop
2 Targets
1 Walmart
Ouch. Sorry Sony, I think you’ve lost this round.
Update: I headed over to Target to try and snag a Wii today.
They didn’t have any but then I went to Best Buy to see if they had the Wii.
Apparently I missed the last one by a minute.
I did, however, spot two 60GB PS3s just sitting there, not being sold.